bastard
Mom, why are you hitting me?
They stole my son
I will make him pay
Liu Lingqing has gone crazy
We want a madman to be the young master of my Xiao family
Now.
Yuntian is the only heir to our Xiao family
Did you make me a perfect queen
As the young master of the Xiao family?
Come down tomorrow and go back to the Xiao family with grandpa
Grandpa made you the home of the Xiao family
Inherit the ancestral business of the Xiao family
Waiting for you
Since you interrupted my meridians and drove me out of the Xiao family
There is no shame in killing me
I am no longer a child of the Xiao family
The Xiao Lingqian of that year is already dead
Now my name is Ye Longyuan
It was grandpa's fault today
But grandpa can't help it either.
The blogger forced his grandfather to do it as a last resort
It's a good excuse to have to do it
Old expensive you
Do you know how to say despair to your face?
That happened later.
According to you
You didn't believe me at first either.
I am not you
You are not this 131, what do you mean?
You are just watching one day
I voluntarily launched a national organization
It also clarifies that I was wronged back then
Why don't you come to me?
I'll tell you what.
Just because you think I'm not talented
It's a useless person with no value
Now you are standing here
It's just because I'm strong
Can you kill 15 martial arts masters in seconds?
That's right, my Xiao family doesn't raise useless people
Impossible because of a cripple
Use the power of the family
Now you have the strength
So I invite you to go home and inherit the Xiao family's ideology
As expected of a little brother
It's all suffering
Is it in your eyes
There is only the word benefit
The family is above all else
My Xiao family doesn't deserve to raise a waste
Now you have the strength
As long as you promise to go back to the Xiao family
I can forgive your rudeness.
I will immediately establish you as the young son of the Xiao family